Mow This Book Can Work Miracles
in Your Life
I have seen miracles happen to men and women in all
walks of life all over the world. Miracles will happen to
you, too when you begin using the magic power of your
subconscious mind. This book is designed to teach you
that your habitual thinking and imagery mold, fashion,
and create your destiny; for as a man thinketh in his subconscious mind, so is he.
Do you know the answers?
Why is one man sad and another man happy? Why is oneman joyous and prosperous and another man poor and miserable? Why is one man fearful and anxious and another full of
faith and confidence? Why does one man have a beautiful, luxurious home while another man lives out a meager existence
in a slum? Why is one man a great success and another an abject failure? Why is one speaker outstanding and immenselypopular and another mediocre and unpopular? Why is one mana genius in his work or profession while the other man toils andmoils all his life without doing or accomplishing anything worthwhile? Why is one man healed of a so-called incurable disease
and another isn't? Why is it so many good, kind religious people
suffer the tortures of the damned in their mind and body? Whyis it many immoral and irreligious people succeed and prosper
and enjoy radiant health? Why is one woman happily marriedand her sister very unhappy and frustrated? Is there an answerto these questions
in the workings of your conscious and sub*
conscious minds? There most certainly is.
5
6 How This Book Can Work Miracles in Your Life
Reason for writing this book
It is for the express purpose of answering and clarifying the
above questions and many others of a similar nature that motivated me to write this book. I have endeavored to explain the
great fundamental truths of your mind in the simplest language
possible. I believe that it is perfectly possible
to explain
the basic,
foundational, and fundamental laws of life and of your mind in
ordinary everyday language. You will find that the language of
this book is that used in your daily papers, current periodicals,
in your business offices, in your home, and in the daily workshop. I urge you to study this book and apply
the techniques
outlihed therein; and as you do, I feel absolutely convinced that
you will lay hold of a miracle-working power that will lift youup from confusion, misery, melancholy, and failure, and guide
you to your true place, solve your difficulties, sever you fromemotional and physical bondage, and place you on the royal
road to freedom, happiness, and peace of mind. This miracleworking power of your subconscious mind can heal you of yoursickness, make you vital and strong again. In learning how to
use your inner powers, you will open the prison door of fear
and enter into a life described by Paul as the glorious liberty of
the sons of God.
Releasing the miracle-working power
A personal healing will ever be the most convincing evidence of our subconscious powers, Over forty-two years ago I
resolved a malignancy in medical terminology it was called asarcoma by using the healing power of my subconscious mindwhich created me and still maintains and governs all my vital
functions. The technique
I applied is elaborated on in this book,
and I feel sure that it wiH help others to trust the same Infinite
Healing Presence lodged in the subconscious depths of all men.
Through the kindly offices of my doctor friend, I suddenly realized that it was natural to assume that the Creative Intelligence
which made all my organs, fashioned my body, and started my
How This Book Can Work Miracles in Your Life 1
heart, could heal its own handiwork. The ancient proverb says,
"The doctor dresses the wound and God heals it."
Wonders happen when you pray effectively
Scientific prayer is the harmonious interaction of the conscious and subconscious levels of mind scientifically directed for
a specific purpose. This book will teach you the scientific wayto tap the realm of infinite power within you enabling you to get
what you really want in life. You desire a happier, fuller, andricher life. Begin to use this miracle-working power and smoothyour way in daily affairs, solve business problems, and bring
harmony in family relationships. Be sure that you read this bookseveral times. The many chapters will show you how this wonderful power works, and how you can d*aw out the hidden inspiration and wisdom that is within yo^.
Leaiji the simple
techniques of impressing the subconscious mind,) Follow the newscientific way in tapping the infinite storehouse. Read this bookcarefully, earnestly, and lovingly. Prove to yourself the amazingway it can help you. It could be and I believe it will be the
turning point of your life.
Everybody prays
Do you know how to pray effectively? How long is it since
you prayed as part of your everyday activities? In an emergency,
in time of danger or trouble, in illness, and when death lurks,
prayers pour forth your own and friends. Just read your daily
newspaper. It is reported that prayers
are being offered up all
over the nation for a child stricken with a so-called incurable
ailment, for peace among nations, for a group of miners trappedin a flooded mine. Later it is reported that when rescued, the
miners said that they prayed while waiting for rescue; an airplane
pilot says that he prayed as he made a successful emergencylanding. Certainly, prayer
is an ever-present help in time of
trouble; but you do not have to wait for trouble to make prayer
an integral and constructive part of your life. The dramatic answers to prayer make headlines and are the subject of testimonies
8 How This Book Can Work Miracles in Your Life
to the effectiveness of prayer. What of the many humble prayers
of children, the simple thanksgiving of grace
at the table daily,
the faithful devotions wherein the individual seeks only communion with God? My work with people has made it necessary
for me to study the various approaches
to prayer. I have experienced the power
of prayer in my own life, and I have talked
and worked with many people who also have enjoyed
the helpof prayer. The problem usually
is how to tell others how to pray.
People who are in trouble have difficulty in thinking and acting
reasonably* They need an easy formula to follow, an obviously
workable pattern that is simple and specific. Often they must beled to approach the emergency.
* Unique feature of this book
The unique
feature of this book is its down-to-earth practicality. Here you are presented with simple, usable techniques
and formulas which you can easily apply
in your workadayworld. I have taught these simple processes to men and womenall over the world, and recently over a thousand men and womenof all religious affiliations attended a special
class in Los Angeleswhere I presented
the highlights of what is offered in the pagesof this book. Many came from distances of two hundred miles
for each class lesson. The special features of this book will appeal to you because they show you why oftentimes you get the
opposite of what you prayed for and reveal to you the reasons
why. People have asked me in all parts of the world and thousands of times, "Why is it I have prayed and prayed and got noanswer?" In this book you will find the reasons for this commoncomplaint The many ways of impressing the subconscious mindand getting the right answers make this an extraordinarily valuable book and an ever-present help
in time of trouble.
* What do you believe?
It is not the thing believed in that brings an answer to man'sprayer; the answer to prayer results when the individual's subconscious mind responds to the mental picture or thought in his
mind. This law of belief is operating in aU religions of the world
How This Book Can Work Miracles in Your Life 9and is the reason why they are psychologically true. The Buddhist, the Christian, the Moslem, and the Hebrew all may get
answers to their prayers, not because of the particular creed,
religion, affiliation, ritual, ceremony, formula, liturgy, incantation, sacrifices, or offerings, but solely because of belief or mentalacceptance and receptivity about that for which they pray. Thelaw of life is the law of belief, and belief could be summed upbriefly as a thought in your mind. As a man thinks, feels, andbelieves, so is the condition of his mind, body, and circumstances. A technique, a methodology based on an understanding
of what you are doing and why you are doing it will help you to
bring about a subconscious embodiment of all the good things
of life. Essentially, answered prayer
is the realization of yourheart's desire.
* Desire is prayer
Everyone desires health, happiness, security, peace of mind,true expression, but many fail to achieve clearly defined results.
A university professor admitted to me recently, "I know that if
I changed my mental pattern and redirected my emotional life,
my ulcers would not recur, but I do not have any technique,
process, or modus operand! My mind wanders back and forth
on my many problems, and I feel frustrated, defeated, and unhappy." This professor had a desire for perfect health; he neededa knowledge of the way his mind worked which would enable
him to fulfill Ms desire. By practicing the healing methods outlined in this book, he became whole and perfect
There is one mind common to all individual men(Emerson)
The miracle-working powers of your subconscious mindexisted before you and I were born, before any church or worldexisted. The great eternal truths and principles of life antedate
all religions. It is with these thoughts
in mind that I urge you in
the following chapters
to lay hold of this wonderful, magical,
transforming power which will bind up mental and physical
wounds, proclaim liberty to the fear-ridden mind, and liberate
10 How This Book Can Work Miracles in Your Life
you completely from the limitations of poverty, failure, misery,
lack, and frustration, All you have to do is unite mentally andemotionally with the good you wish to embody, and the creative
powers of your subconscious will respond accordingly. Beginnow, today, let wonders happen in your life! Keep on, keeping
on until the day breaks and the shadows flee away.